{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2867
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 CourierNewPSMT;\f1\fmodern\fcharset0 CourierNewPS-ItalicMT;\f2\fmodern\fcharset0 CourierNewPS-BoldMT;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red26\green26\blue26;
\red25\green28\blue31;\red17\green70\blue193;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000\c0;\cssrgb\c13377\c13377\c13327;
\cssrgb\c13018\c14594\c16114;\cssrgb\c6847\c36827\c80305;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\'93Name: William Krenzer & \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Siobh\'e1n Griffin\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
Affiliation(s): Duke University & \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 University of Limerick\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
ORCID: 0000-0002-2074-9698 & sa \
\
\
Source: \
Paper:\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Parikh, N., McGovern, B. & LaBar, K.S. Spatial distancing reduces emotional arousal to reactivated memories.\'a0
\f1\i Psychon Bull Rev
\f0\i0 \'a0
\f2\b 26
\f0\b0 , 1967\'961973 (2019). https://doi.org/10.3758/s13423-019-01648-z\
\
Data Citation:\
\pard\tx0\tx0\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Parikh, N., McGovern, B., & LaBar, K. S. (2023). Data from: Spatial distancing reduces emotional arousal to reactivated memories. Duke Research Data Repository.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://doi.org/10.7924/r4z89f54g"}}{\fldrslt \ul https://doi.org/10.7924/r4z89f54g}}\
\pard\tx0\tx0\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
Description: \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 This dataset is from a published research paper examining the effects of spatial distancing on emotional arousal to reactivated memories. It contains X observations, and X variables. It contains data on gender, age, trait reappraisal and suppression, desirability, and self-reported distress before and after experimental sessions (across three days). Participants underwent an experimental session, where they viewed images from the IAPs. For day 2, participants were spilt into four groups: reactivation + regulation, no regulation, no reactivation, no regulation. The reactivation & regulation group viewed emotional objects cut from the pictures and were asked to regulate them. When they saw the word "far" they had to imagine the object was far away from them.\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
Key: Variable - description\
1. ID - Subject ID number\
2. Gender - M = Male; F = Female\
3. Age - Age of the participants\
4. Condition - 1 = Reactivation + Regulation; 2= No Regulation; 3 = No Reactivation; 4 = Neither\
5. SDS_17 - Social desirability scale\
6. ERQ_Reappraisal - Emotion Regulation Questionnaire - Reappraisal Subscale\
7. ERQ_Suppression - Emotion Regulation Questionnaire - Suppression Subscale\
8. day1_pre_SUDS - Day 1 Subjective Units of Distress Scale Pre-Session\
9. day1_post_SUDS - Day 1 Subjective Units of Distress Scale Post-Session\
10. day1_pre_SUDS - Day 2 Subjective Units of Distress Scale Pre-Session\
11. day1_post_SUDS - Day 2 Subjective Units of Distress Scale Post-Session\
12. day1_pre_SUDS - Day 3 Subjective Units of Distress Scale Pre-Session\
13. day1_post_SUDS - Day 3 Subjective Units of Distress Scale Post-Session\
14. Race - the self identified race of the participant\
\
Possible Uses: \
T-tests; ANOVAS}